hello and welcome to simply Sicilian
Sicilian Italian cooking made easy i'm
tony de monica and today i'm going to
make for you pasta fagioli that's pasta
with beans this pasta fagioli if it's
one of those dishes that you just can't
get enough of and what first thing we're
going to do is we're going to saute to
chopped up celery sticks one chopped up
medium sized carrot and one medium onion
so first we'll put a little olive oil in
the pan okay okay and the celery and the
carrots now so we're going to saute
these for about oh five to 10 minutes
until they're nice and soft add a little
salt and pepper to get them moving
in the meantime while these are sauteing
i'm going to go ahead and get the beans
and the water and all that prepared and
ready for the vegetables to go in okay
you can get this recipe on simply
sicilian net free and i'm going to add
four cups of water i have the pot on low
flame and i'll add three cans of pinto
beans ok now i'm going to add two cans
of the chicken stock this way the
chicken stock gives you a nice flavor to
go with the beans and the vegetables
give that a little stir and i'm going to
show you another little trick that I did
that you would find in the original
recipe as well and that is I took one
can of the beans and I put them in the
blender and this way it comes very
creamy so when you add it to you to this
the liquid here you'll get that creamy
consistency that the original recipe has
stir that around okay
now I'm going to add a little bit of
parsley to this to my vegetables here
give that a nice stir now what we're
going to do is we're going to add this
to our liquid there we go and we're
going to let this bring this to a boil
and then let it simmer for about oh
maybe about 10 minutes or so okay we've
up to a boil here on my pasta fagioli
and now what I'm going to do is I'm
going to add a cup of elbow macaroni
okay so we're going to pour this in here
and we're going to let it cook and when
it's finished we're ready to eat now
we're just going to bring that up to a
boil again and then we're just going to
lower the heat a little bit so we don't
have it all spilling over okay a pasta
fagioli is finished down and we are
going to plate it ah there we go okay
pasta fagioli alla siciliana
oh the flavors the chicken broth the
vegetables the beans are tender
absolutely delicious you can get this
recipe on simply Sicilian net free
you